Add BERT QA Scala/Java example (#14592)
apache/incubator-mxnet: scala-package/examples/src/main/java/org/apache/mxnetexamples/javaapi/infer/bert/README.md

<!--- Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one -->
<!--- or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file -->
<!--- distributed with this work for additional information -->
<!--- regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file -->
<!--- to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the -->
<!--- "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance -->
<!--- with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at -->

<!---   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 -->

<!--- Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, -->
<!--- software distributed under the License is distributed on an -->
<!--- "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY -->
<!--- KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the -->
<!--- specific language governing permissions and limitations -->
<!--- under the License. -->

# Run BERT QA model using Java Inference API

In this tutorial, we will walk through the BERT QA model trained by MXNet.

> You will be able to run inference with general Q & A task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be able to run inference with a general Q & A task:
```
But I also don't really know yet what this means. Maybe spend a paragraph talking about a Q&A model and linking to some background info?

```text
Q: When did BBC Japan start broadcasting?
```

> The model are expected to find the right answer in the corresponding text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model is expected to find the right answer in the corresponding text:
```

```text

> BBC Japan was a general entertainment Channel. Which operated between December 2004 and April 2006.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BBC Japan was a general entertainment channel which operated between December 2004 and April 2006.
```
But if you want source data with grammar problems, that's up to you...

### Step 2: Setup data path of the model

### Setup Datapath and Parameters

The available arguments are as follows:

| Argument                      | Comments                                 |
| ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `--model-path-prefix`           | Folder path with prefix to the model (including json, params). |
| `--model-vocab`                 | Vocabulary path |
| `--model-epoch`                 | Epoch number of the model |
| `--input-question`              | Question that asked to the model |
| `--input-answer`                | Paragraph that contains the answer |
| `--seq-length`                  | Sequence Length of the model (384 by default) |

### Step 3: Run Inference
After the previous steps, you should be able to run the code using the following script that will pass all of the required parameters to the Infer API.

From the `scala-package/examples/scripts/infer/bert/` folder run:

```bash
./run_bert_qa_example.sh --model-path-prefix ../models/static-bert-qa/static_bert_qa \
                         --model-vocab ../models/static-bert-qa/vocab.json \
                         --model-epoch 2
```

## Background

> To learn more about how BERT works in MXNet, please follow this [tutorial](https://medium.com/apache-mxnet/gluon-nlp-bert-6a489bdd3340).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how BERT works in MXNet, please follow this [MXNet Gluon tutorial on NLP using BERT](https://medium.com/apache-mxnet/gluon-nlp-bert-6a489bdd3340).
```

> The model was extracted from the GluonNLP with static length settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model was extracted from MXNet GluonNLP with static length settings.
```

[Download link for the script](https://gluon-nlp.mxnet.io/_downloads/bert.zip)

> The original description can be found in [here](https://gluon-nlp.mxnet.io/model_zoo/bert/index.html#bert-base-on-squad-1-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original description can be found in the [MXNet GluonNLP model zoo](https://gluon-nlp.mxnet.io/model_zoo/bert/index.html#bert-base-on-squad-1-1).
```

```bash
python static_finetune_squad.py --optimizer adam --accumulate 2 --batch_size 6 --lr 3e-5 --epochs 2 --gpu 0 --export

```

> This script would generate a `json` and `param` which are the standard MXNet model files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will generate `json` and `param` files that are the standard MXNet model files.
```

By default, this model are using `bert_12_768_12` model with extra layers for QA jobs.

After that, to be able to use it in Java, we need to export the dictionary from the script to parse the text

> to actual indexes. Please add the following lines after [this line](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-nlp/blob/master/scripts/bert/staticbert/static_finetune_squad.py#L262).

Reviewer: dangerous... if that file changes, this link goes bad... another way?

Author: Currently no, since they did not provide vocabulary extraction

Reviewer: ok what if you quote the line - that way if it moves a bit, people still know where to work.

```python
import json
json_str = vocab.to_json()
f = open("vocab.json", "w")
f.write(json_str)
f.close()
```

> This would export a json file for you to deal with the vocabulary.

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean here...

| `--model-path-prefix`           | Folder path with prefix to the model (including json, params). |
| `--model-vocab`                 | Vocabulary path |
| `--model-epoch`                 | Epoch number of the model |
| `--input-question`              | Question that asked to the model |
| `--input-answer`                | Paragraph that contains the answer |
| `--seq-length`                  | Sequence Length of the model (384 by default) |

### Step 3: Run Inference
After the previous steps, you should be able to run the code using the following script that will pass all of the required parameters to the Infer API.

From the `scala-package/examples/scripts/infer/bert/` folder run:

```bash
./run_bert_qa_example.sh --model-path-prefix ../models/static-bert-qa/static_bert_qa \
                         --model-vocab ../models/static-bert-qa/vocab.json \
                         --model-epoch 2
```

## Background

To learn more about how BERT works in MXNet, please follow this [tutorial](https://medium.com/apache-mxnet/gluon-nlp-bert-6a489bdd3340).

The model was extracted from the GluonNLP with static length settings.

> [Download link for the scrtipt](https://gluon-nlp.mxnet.io/_downloads/bert.zip)

Reviewer 2: Spelling
